[Music]
thirteen mysterious things even
scientists can't explain we've been
trying to explain numerous miraculous
things on our planet nowadays most of
them are explained scientifically
however there are still some phenomena
that are too hard to believe and we
don't understand what they are is time
travel possible do you know who made
those strange symbols in the Amazon
rainforest maybe aliens did we're going
to tell you about 13 mysterious
phenomena that would send a cold chills
down your spine
13 but mini road do you believe what
psychics say have you ever visited a
seance if not maybe it's time you
started looking for a psychic because of
this story in the 1930s American psychic
Edgar Cayce claimed that either in 1968
or 1969 the ruins of the lost city of
Atlantis would be found in Bimini now
you might think a big deal these
scammers predict a lot of things that
don't come true later yes they do but
this case is different in September 1968
2300 meters of neatly placed limestone
blocks were found in the sea near
Paradise Point in northern Bimini
this chain of blocks is now called
Bimini Road some people think these are
the remnants of the famous civilization
others believe it's the result of the
seabed deepening until we have a
reasonable explanation of where these
blocks came from psychics 1 skeptics 0
[Music]
twelve dancing plague now the story goes
that in July 1518 mrs. trophy ax started
to dance and couldn't stop after one
week 34 more people danced along with
her after a month the total number of
the dancers reached several hundred they
danced without stopping and four hundred
people died of exhaustion heart attacks
and strokes looks like mrs. trophy ax
was a heck of a dancer and she should
have opened her own dancing classes but
all kidding aside the phenomenon doesn't
have any satisfactory scientific
explanation
none of the theories explain the
unbelievable stamina needed to dance for
several days without watching a bright
side video of course
eleven time traveler in 2003 the FBI
arrested a man accused him of a stock
exchange scam he had only $800 but he
managed to earn three hundred and fifty
million dollars through one hundred and
twenty six very risky deals after being
arrested the man whose name was Andrew
Carlson claimed that he had received the
information from the future
he said that he came from the Year 22:56
and a time machine and we're wondering
which explanation is more likely he used
a time machine or it was all just a big
scam later someone made a bond of
one-million dollars for him and Andrew
disappeared probably he went back to the
future to spend his honestly earned
money ten the boiling River a little boy
this is how all scary story starts named
Andreas ruzo often heard his grandfather
tell him of a legend of a river that
quite literally boiled its enemies in
its water and raced dreamed of
discovering the river so when he grew up
he became a geologist
he took a local shaman as a guide and
discovered the river in 2011 he measured
the temperature of the water and found
it that it was around 186 degrees
Fahrenheit however Andres was a
scientist so he took a scientific
approach and found a reasonable
explanation the river is just 430 miles
away from the closest volcano so much
for a miracle
9 Yonaguni underwater ruins in 1986
scientists found terrorist formations
near the island of Yonaguni the
underwater monuments might mean that
there were civilizations in the pre
glacial period however scientists don't
take these artifacts seriously they
argue about their origin tell us what
you think in the comments section below
[Music]
8 the picture from the Bravo Museum here
comes another time traveller the photo
that you see right now shows the opening
of the gold bridge in Canada in 1941
right here among the crowd there's a man
who's dressed absolutely not according
to the 1940s fashion he's wearing
something that looks like a zipped
hoodie and a t-shirt with a 20th century
style logo the most amazing thing is
that he's holding a portable camera in
his hands 7 Amazon rainforest geoglyphs
when scientists were studying the open
landscape of the Amazon rainforest they
noticed numerous drawings carved into
the ground they call them geoglyphs
they've discovered 450 geoglyphs in
northern parts of Brazil and Bolivia the
most ancient of them are estimated to be
from 3,000 to 3,500 years old nobody
knows what these geoglyphs were used for
and what function they had the major
theory claims that these constructions
were meant for common meetings
discussions and rituals
six earthquake lights the bright lights
that accompany earthquakes are
considered to be one of the most
mysterious phenomena since 1600 their
events 65 proven cases of shining in the
sky during seismic activity however the
probability of seeing such lights is
very low and you can only see the light
in point 5 percent of all earthquakes
can you imagine how many earthquakes you
have to survive to see the lights at
least once many theories have been
proposed to explain this phenomenon but
none of them has come close to the truth
[Music]
five a frozen girl on December 20th 1980
gene Hilliard was driving to her parents
home in very snowy weather her car
suddenly stalled of course it did
otherwise this story wouldn't end up in
this video gene decided to walk to her
friend's his home nearby the air
temperature was minus 76 degrees
Fahrenheit so she lost consciousness due
to over cooling and spent six hours
lying in the snow when gene was taken to
the hospital she showed no signs of life
and her skin was so solid that it was
impossible to give her a shot the
doctors were sure that gene was dead but
what did doctors know about miracles
sometime after being defrosted she
started moving a little after three days
she began to move her legs and in six
months she was considered absolutely
healthy can you believe that we're not
sure we can for the ghostship Carroll a
Deering was an American commercial
schooner it became a famous go ship
because it was found at ground in 1921
with no crew on board the galley was
full of food the logbook was absent
together with personal belongings the
anchor and navigation devices at the end
of 1922 the investigation was stopped
without any official conclusion I mean
right why would anyone want to know what
happened to the team
three the Rainman Don Decker's
grandfather died in 1983 in Stroudsburg
Pennsylvania after the funeral done
suddenly felt feverish and fell into a
trance at the same moment water started
dripping down the ceiling in the walls
of the living room there were no water
pipes in this part of the house so
everybody was completely puzzled don't
friend call the police like this video
if you wish you had such loyal friends
two officers asked to carry Don out of
the house and take him to the nearby
pizza place the same thing happened
there as soon as Don left the building
the rain stopped to the underwater ocean
scientists discovered a gigantic
reservoir of water 410 miles deeper than
Earth's surface scientists think that
the reservoir is at least 2.7 billion
years old it's volume is several times
bigger than the volume of the world
ocean
thanks to this discovery a new theory
was developed Earth's oceans could have
appeared because the underground ocean
bursts outside not the other way around
as we thought previously
[Music]
one over town bridge this bridge is
situated in Scotland and we could call
in an ordinary bridge if it didn't make
dogs commit suicide yes you are tonight
for some reason dogs jump off the bridge
and die even though there's nothing
under it that would attract their
attention the scariest thing is the dogs
that don't die after the first attempt
jump again it doesn't happen very often
usually once a year but it still sounds
very scary and strange
[Music]
do you know of any other unexplained
mysteries tell us in the comment section
below and don't forget to give us a
thumbs up and hit the subscribe button
to join us on the bright side
you